I'm pretty good I thought as a game good
went on a little bit stronger especially
with my fastball control the one about I
could point to his uh his uh Willie mo
pena I went 20 and was able to really
spot up too fast balls down a way to get
myself back in the count and that was
kind of turning point for man that I was
a little bit deep in the game but that's
really when I felt I could establish a
rhythm into that and locate pretty well
in the first two just missed so just
kind of go thought that continue to make
my pitches take us through the eighth
inning second and third nobody out and
then we strike out those three guys all
swinging well you know besides the one
ending a little bit earlier in the game
works had been not easy I mean nothing's
easy but you know it's a sad something
lesson tank so you know after the first
guy put a heck of an IV on me you know I
was up around a hundred and four or five
he was on first base with nobody out i
knew i wouldn't come back out from 9th
my goal with him was gonna quick out and
hopefully my pitch count down and go
back out this tonight but after that a
bee I know when going back out there so
one second third happened with nobody
out I just kind of said well no point in
saving anything let's go out these guys
and see if we can strike some guys out
for earned runs allows was made 29 you
put in super perspectives this stretch
in terms of how good you feel and your
whole career you know I feel like I'm
thrown the ball really well I like my
fastball controls been outstanding for
the most part during the stretch
most of the most of the good games i
have our are built off of that being
able to locate that and then mixing the
off-speed off of that and i feel like i
was able to do that time pretty well you
guys off balance kind of starting up
guests over 43,000 house that seems like
every one of them has on their feet
there in the eighth to talk about that
Electric scene there yeah you know I
kind of took a minute to go and after I
started the second guy just kind of step
back off the mountain cuz these electric
gentleman could say in that situation
but let's take a step back and I'm soak
it up a little bit cuz that's you know
it's not often you hear a boy like that
I've heard it a few times in the stadium
at condition pretty special moments here
but you know that was one of those vocal
performances reduce fans and put on talk
about ten wins right now before an
awesome yeah no uh like up so far it's
not a goal of mine to have 10 14 the
break or to have 20 yo I just go out
there every five days okay so try to do
whatever I can for this team to get a
win you know to be where I'm at right
now means I'm done know what I'm
supposed to do you know going out there
and giving her guns chance to win their
guys are stepping up for meets once a
month there we go you've been really a
toting a vela for all started four RBIs
home run 10 also that huge block and
that ball in the dirt there a huge huge
you know and what a lot people don't
know is he you know that wanting took up
to risk eyesight him the same spot
tonight and I know it hurt him but he
didn't anybody know but you know
what a trooper he is and battles by day
you know it's just a testament to nights
just test me what he's been doing all
year and then hopefully he gets the
national coverage for what he was able
to do tonight in a big situation because
in my opinion and I think even Russell
Martin let's say that I think he
deserves me start an all-star game did
you boom about the eighth in the hit
thought was a homeland a little bit yeah
you know he's had a tendency to hit some
home runs around on the mound a lot of
them actually so I you know I gave him a
little ribbing we got back and I got
somebody every ball you hit you expect
me Homer when I felt a baby okay smile
drums was an altima to share first place
I don't want to delete deep into it and
I mean overall this is a big win at the
team not just you know the superficial
stuff yeah no uh anytime Team heavy
losses and we got Jan still gaining
ground like we this night it was a big
win you know obviously you know I was
kind of a poster boy for this game but
you look around and there's many guys
and that's the way we've been winning
you know it's easy for those guys to
kind of get overshadowed but you know
everybody kind of balaton as a team
effort everybody went out there and did
a fantastic job top to bottom of the
adjustment they jump into a start do you
realize what you're go to picture what
your best picture the night would be oh
yeah I kind of changes as the game goes
on you know we just uh just feel I got a
pretty good feel for my breaking ball
somewhat early in the game pride third
fourth inning I got a feel for it donor
for strikes when I wanted so you know I
knew that'd be pretty good for me and it
you know come in the second time around
I think only two guys that see my
breaking ball coming up coming up for
the second time around so you know I
knew it something I'd be able to go to
go to you know the game you
Homer now cheering for you earlier game
yeah I couldn't have been easy to do
they happen z1 to see you at your 14
strike it does it mean I think you did
set a career behind that no yeah it
means more of his team to get a win
tonight when there's a big situation and
I'm awesome you know I saw you coming in
and your headphones on and nobody would
you could tell that yeah nobody was
around you were oblivious to everything
how early in the day do you go into that
yeah usually if I wanted that I get here
okay it's kind of hard to do the whole
day yeah you don't want to go boarding
to dry you know I did I did that before
yeah you know a couple years ago and
found that that's kind of hard to
sustain in cypress trees must be an
asshole all day but you park your car
and then all of a sudden you yeah you
know I'd say it's more the right here
once again the car and I'm on the way
here try to focus okay you mentioned
something about you know taking it all
in the adrenaline sometimes chip is
saying how now you're able to sort of
stop yourself before you start off with
knowing do you feel that way too and
that's something that
um yeah you know I feel like especially
early in the game I try to stop myself
and go in the next level on purpose even
in situations where this couple guys on
or something I just try to keep making
my pitches you know kind of say so what
if one guy scores maybe to make my
pitches of meeting these guys all these
guys give me some runs as long as I
stated it again it's when I start over
throwing a little bit that early in the
games it gets me out of rhythm and
that's when you get though 56 anyhow
he's a lot of pictures you guys calm
just call mentor I pitching in front
friends and family tonight what you
think of them I look fantastic obviously
sneaky you know tough too tough to read
the book one out of his hand and you
know that's what I heard from our guys
you know tough luck you know a couple of
hard-hit balls not really tough luck to
me we put some goodies on it but you
know he did it he did a great job
staying in their battle on it or not
giving their guts chance you've got to
seven-game winning streaks you have an
eight now haha okay how does this differ
from the other really dominant time for
the career um locating my fastball
better for my parents would I you know
the whole thing